Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[indistinct chatter]
- How do you feel?
- So happy.
Thank you. Victoria. truly.
This day has been everything
I ever imagined and more.
It's perfect.
- Ladies and gentlemen.
it's time
for the bouquet toss!
- I think that's me.
How do I look?
- Happy.
- [laughs]
- Can we have all the single
ladies and the bride
to the front
of the room. please?
It's time to toss the bouquet.
- Mia. thanks for taking
over for me.
- All right. so you have
everything covered. right?
- Gotta go vacation in Paris.
- Not sure taking a week off
being a wedding planner
to be my best friend's
wedding planner is a vacation.
but it is an honor.
[laughs]
So Grayson's on my desk.
You've got everything else.
I've got roaming.
so keep in touch.
[cheers and applause]
Okay!
So we have wedding heels.
wedding kitten heels.
wedding flats.
- Tell me again why I need
three pairs of heels
for a wedding.
- Okay. one.
because it's your wedding.
Two. because you'll be happy
you have them.
and. three. because
you couldn't make up your mind.
- Sorry I'm so indecisive.
but if I'd have known
the wedding planning
was just an endless
decision-making tree.
I probably would've eloped.
- Tracy. honey. life is an
endless decision-making tree.
- Great. thanks!
That's reassuring.
How about a wine break?
- Ooh. yes. please.
Thank you!
Cheers.
- Cheers.
Okay. so I wanted
to talk to you.
- Oh. let me guess.
Is this about a certain
ex-boyfriend of mine
who. starting tomorrow.
I will be spending
a fun-filled week
of wedding activities with
as maid of honor and best man?
Don't worry. Trace.
I'm not!
I'm actually kind of excited.
- Excited?
- Mm.
I mean. Cam and I. we haven't
talked in six months.
but maybe we needed this time
to reflect
and reconsider before.
who knows?
Reconnecting against
a romantic Parisian backdrop?
- [laughs awkwardly]
Okay.
So. awkward follow-up:
Cameron has just told us
he's bringing a date.
- A date?
To your wedding?
- Are you okay?
- Of course!
[laughing]
I'm--I'm fine.
I--I will be.
- Vic...
- What matters is you
are getting married.
and we are going to Paris!
- Whoo!
Would you look at this?
- This is it!
- Babe. we're in Paris!
[laughs]
- Wow!
Oh. it's so fancy!
- Tracy. Mike?
So. how was your flight?
- Great. although my brain
still thinks
it's the middle of the night.
[laughter]
- Then let's get you checked in
so you can have
a petite sieste.
Marion...
[speaking French]
And you must be Victoria Lewis?
- Yes.
- We have
the welcome baskets ready.
I hope they are to your
very fastidious specifications.
- Oh. well. the bow
should be like this.
- Ah.
- It's all about
the details. right?
enjoying yourself.
so please enjoy.
See the Eiffel. the Louvre.
- Maybe.
Oh. I would love to show
the bride and groom where
they'll be getting married.
- Oh!
- But of course.
Right this way!
Please follow me.
Mesdames et monsieur.
La Plaza du
Palais grand ballroom!
- Gorgeous. isn't it?
- Oh. wow.
- Yes!
And it's very grand.
- So I was thinking the band
over here by the windows
and the tables evenly spaced
along this wall.
and of course the dance floor
in the middle.
It's gonna be perfect!
- It's amazing.
- Ah. I believe more
of your party are just--
- Hey!
- Hi!
Baby bump!
Come here.
You look gorgeous!
- Hi!
- Isn't she glowing?
- I'm not glowing.
I'm sweating.
- How was your flight?
- Hi. guys.
- Yeah. we're good.
You know. Seth read me
"What to Expect When You're
Expecting" the entire time.
so it was--
- Educational.
- Henri. this is
Seth and Nathalie.
They're part of
our college crew
along with Mike and Mike's
best man. Cameron.
- Hey!
Are you okay?
- That depends.
Is Jen Cameron's date?
- Who's Jen?
- She's only his
supermodel-esque lawyer prodigy
work wife.
now I guess his wedding wife?
- Wedding date. Vic.
- Cam!
- Good to see you.
- How are you?
- All right.
- Welcome. welcome.
- Good to see you.
- Everyone. this is Jen.
Jen. this is everyone.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Hi. everyone.
I'm glad you all have
one easy-to-remember name.
- Right.
- She's also endlessly witty.
- Hey. I'm Seth.
This is my wife Nathalie.
- Hi.
- And this is Mike and Tracy.
the bride and the groom.
- That's us!
- Hi.
- Thank you for coming.
- And then of course.
this is--
- Oh. hi. Victoria.
I don't know
if you remember me.
- Jen. yes. of course
I remember you!
So great to see you again.
- So. Jen. what do you do?
- Oh. I'm a patent lawyer
like him.
- Yeah. that's how we met.
through work.
- Wow. two lawyers.
- Can't imagine when you argue.
[awkward laughter]
- We never argue. so...
[laughs softly]
Okay.
- Let's check in.
Bienvenue à Paris!
Let's--let's check in.
[elevator dings]
- You okay?
- Yeah. I'm okay.
So what if we dated for
12 years and he ended things
because he couldn't see
a future with me.
and now he's dating
his perfect work wife?
I mean. I-I'm fine.
I'm actually happy for them.
yeah.
And now I'm 100% done
talking about it.
No. really. I'm canceling
your subscriptions
to my Cameron issues.
- Vic. it's okay to be upset.
- Yeah. you were together
a long time.
- We were!
And I thought we were
going to have a life together.
It seemed perfect.
Cam was my first love.
- Um. I'm pretty sure Jacques
was your first love.
- No. he wasn't.
We were teenagers.
It was long-distance.
- Okay. right. wait a second.
I-I have never even heard
you talk about this person.
Who is Jacques?
- Freshman year
of high school French.
we all got assigned
a Parisian pen pal.
and Victoria's was Jacques.
and they fell in love.
wrote letters
throughout high school.
- What. like. real letters
in the mail?
- Yeah. like. international
postage rates and everything.
- Wow.
- Jacques finally came to visit
the summer before college.
- He was so sweet.
- And Victoria was supposed
to go to Paris the next year.
but they broke up before that.
- Aw. why'd you break up?
- We were kids.
- She met Cameron.
- That is not what happened.
- So have you
looked Jacques up?
- Yeah. I Google
"Jacques in Paris."
and now I'm combing through
the millions of search results.
Hey. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa!
What are you doing?
- What's Jacques' last name?
- Why would I tell you that?
- Artis!
That's his last name.
and where's he live?
- How would I possibly know?
- Come on.
- He grew up in Taverny.
a small town outside of Paris.
You'll never find him.
- Found him.
Hmm. he's a contractor.
Call him.
- No.
- It's already ringing.
[cell phone ringing]
[saw buzzing]
- [speaking French]
- I got his voicemail.
- Leave a message.
- And say what?
"Hi. this is Victoria.
your long-lost pen pal.
Surprise!"
No. I'm hanging up.
- No--oh. hi. this is Victoria.
your long-lost pen pal.
Um. I'm in Paris.
Surprise!
And I am staying
at the Plaza du Palais.
so we should reconnect.
Okay. thanks. okay. bye-bye.
- What are you doing?
- Oh. hmm. whoops.
- Let's hope he never
checks his voicemails.
- Welcome.
- You're lucky you're pregnant.
- [laughs]
- [giggles]
- She's gonna thank me later.
- Yeah.
- Bonjour. Jacques.
- Alex.
- I've been trying to call.
- Je suis désolé.
I forget to check
my voicemails.
- Ah. it's okay.
From your friends at
the Newton-Abbott Hotel Group.
- Merci.
I assume this comes with
no strings or pressure to sell.
- Oh. no. no. no.
of course not.
This is simply
our way of saying.
"We know what this chateau
means to you.
"and we wanna make sure
you know
what it would mean to us
if you were to sell."
We wanna make sure we have
a property within this area
by next spring or summer.
and we're looking to start
renovations as soon
as possible.
- Okay. so both
take my time and...
- Have an answer for us
within a week.
- Salut.
- Bye.
- Hi. this is Victoria.
your long-lost pen pal.
Um. I'm in Paris.
Surprise!
And I am staying
at the Plaza du Palais.
so we should reconnect.
- Trace!
- Hi.
- Oh. sorry. were you napping?
It's time
for the champagne tasting.
We have to pick a bottle
for the reception.
- Ugh. you think you could just
pick for me and Mike?
Sorry. jet lag struggle
is real.
- Of course.
My pleasure.
- Thank you. bye-bye.
- Love you.
[elevator dings]
- Hold the door!
- Come on. come on. come on!
- Thank you.
[elevator dings]
- Mm-hmm.
- Hmm.
So. how are you?
- Great. and you?
- Good. busy.
Quite the best man
to-do list you made for me.
- Yeah. well.
destination wedding.
- Well.
a Victoria Lewis wedding.
Oh. I'm sure it'll be flawless
like always.
but I am surprised
that Mike and Tracy
wanted this whole
big Parisian wedding thing.
Doesn't really seem like them.
- Well. Cameron.
while I appreciate
you sowing last-minute seeds
of doubt
into an event I've spent
the last year planning.
I also think...
"Paris is always a good idea."
It's Audrey Hepburn
in "Sabrina."
- Never saw it.
- Yeah. you did.
We watched it together--
oh. no. that's right.
You fell asleep.
- Vic. you know old movies
are not my thing.
- Yeah.
I know new things
are much more your preference.
[elevator dings]
- So. enjoy the city.
- I will.
"Not every girl's lucky enough
to go to Paris."
Still "Sabrina."
- And I've still never seen it.
[faint indistinct chatter]
- [speaking French]
- Monsieur. can I help you?
- Oh. hi.
Before we start.
I just wanna say I'm looking
for the perfect bottle
of champagne for this wedding.
- Well. maybe I can help.
This is a demi-sec.
It's dry.
It's crisp.
It's fruity.
It's aged three years.
- Mm. maybe something
a little older?
- You know. not everything
gets better with age.
And. you know. maybe
you should think less about
the champagne's qualifications
and more about the feelings.
more about the feelings
it gives you.
- It's supposed to
give you a feeling?
- Yeah. of course.
that first sip feeling
that all is well in the world.
- It's a lot to ask
from a bubbly.
- Well. you know. my father
used to say that champagne
is to the French what duct tape
is to the Americans.
It fixes everything.
- "It fixes everything."
Jacques?
- Victoria.
- I'm so sorry!
I-I didn't know it was you.
Oh!
- Big surprise getting
your message.
- Yeah. me too.
Um. please sit.
- Merci.
So. you've finally
made it to Paris.
- Well. actually. I've been
here before a number of times.
but just for work. never play.
- Yeah.
- But I've never been
to any of the sights
on our "Tour de France."
That's what you used to call
showing me Paris when--
- No. no. I remember.
Actually. there's a place
not far from here
that was on the tour.
- Oh?
Um...
- Ah. but you're busy.
of course.
- No. no. no. I can go.
I mean--
I could use some food
to go with the bubbly.
- Perfect.
- Parfait.
- That's a little dessert.
Allez?
[faint indistinct chatter]
Merci beaucoup.
- Holy crepe!
This is amazing.
[laughs]
How's your croque monsieur?
- Parfait.
It's the national dish
of the French.
- Got to love a country
where the national dish
is a fried ham sandwich.
and a fried ham sandwich
with an egg is its wife.
- Croque monsieur.
croque madame.
That's funny.
Allez.
- Mm.
- Still living in Chicago?
- My parents are.
but I'm in Los Angeles now.
- Oh. okay.
and what do you do there?
- I own an event
planning company.
- Ah.
- It's a good mix
of me loving parties
and being very detail-oriented.
[both laugh]
What about you?
Did you travel the world
like you've always said
you would?
- Uh. yeah. yeah.
but then my father got sick.
so I had to return
to the chateau to help him.
He passed three years ago.
actually.
- Oh. I'm so sorry.
- No. no. it's okay.
and so now I look after
the upkeep of the chateau.
I run a contracting business.
You know. we fix up old houses.
It--it's good work.
It allows me
a flexible schedule.
- So you can take time off
to stroll aimlessly
with an old pen pal?
[chuckles softly]
- With an old pen pal?
And. you know. a stroll.
it's not so aimless.
- [gasps]
It's just so
incredibly romantic.
[both laugh]
- Well. you should--
you should come back here
one day with your fiancé.
- Well. to do that. first
I'd have to be dating someone.
- I thought--I thought that
you were getting married.
- What?
Oh. the champagne!
No. no. no. no.
Um...
That's--that's my best friend
Tracy. remember?
She's getting married.
- Oh.
Okay. okay.
So you're--
you're not seeing anybody?
- Well. I was for many years.
but he broke up with me
six months ago.
and now he's at this wedding
with someone else.
Yeah. as you say
in French. "Oof."
[both laugh]
What about you?
You seeing anyone?
- Me?
No. no. no.
Well. I see you.
- [laughs]
Okay.
Well. I should get back
to the hotel.
- Okay.
I'll walk you.
Thank you
for a lovely afternoon.
I know it's been 13 years
and we didn't end
on the best of terms. but--
- Jacques?
Is that Jacques?
- Uh. you remember
my best friend. Tracy?
- Tracy. of course.
- And this is her fiancé. Mike.
- Mike. enchanté.
and felicitations
on your wedding.
What a happy occasion.
- Speaking of. I should go.
- Yes. of course.
Well. it was
lovely reconnecting.
and if you have time.
I'd love to take you
on our Tour de France.
- I'd like that. but I'm so
slammed with the wedding prep.
- Well. then maybe Jacques
could join us
for a wedding activity.
There's a welcome
dinner tonight.
- No. I couldn't impose.
- No. no. no imposition.
You're an old friend.
- And Victoria has a plus-one
she's not using.
- Hmm!
- I do.
[laughs]
Um. welcome dinner here.
8:00 p.m.?
- Yes.
Yes. 8:00 p.m.
A bientôt.
- Okay. bye.
[laughs]
- Wow. Jacques grew up.
- Stop.
- Hon-hon-hon.
- Don't.
[indistinct chatter]
Thank you so much.
One. two. three. four.
Trace. I need to talk to you.
It's really. really important.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Hey. babe.
- Absolutely.
- Hey. guys.
- Hey. there she is.
- Oh. you gotta try the salmon.
It is superb.
- Really?
- Ooh. salmon.
- Is it raw or cooked
because I'm not sure ...
- Oh. no. Seth. please don't.
It's fine.
- I don't know
if you can have raw.
- God. you look beautiful.
- Thank you.
You look very handsome.
- I still can't believe
it's you.
- I know the feeling.
- Should I get us a drink?
- Sure.
- Oh. no.
- The ex-boyfriend?
- Mm-hmm. that's him.
- Quite the elaborate affair.
Hi. I'm Cameron.
- Bonsoir.
I'm Jacques.
- Jacques?
As in pen pal Jacques?
- As in Jacques.
my old friend Jacques.
- And your new plus-one. no?
- Really?
Um. uh...
Plus-one. I mean.
for the entire week. or...
- Well. no--
- Yeah. for the whole week.
So we'll be getting
to know each other.
Shall we get champagne?
I hear it's really well-chosen.
- Yes. I would like that.
- Salut.
- [clears throat]
- I'm sorry if that seemed
presumptuous.
I just felt that you could use
some moral support.
- I-I could.
I can. and thank you.
But the whole week?
Aren't you busy?
- I'm French. so I'm never
too busy for a party.
Plus. we have to finish
our Tour de France.
- Well. I have
a little break tomorrow.
- Perfect.
- Thank you.
Well. to old pen pals.
- And to new plus-ones.
- Okay. wait. so is Jacques
now your date?
- No. Jacques is my plus-one.
- Is there a difference?
- Yes!
He's just an old friend.
- Does Cameron know that?
- Oh. who cares?
- How's it going in there?
Oh!
You look beautiful!
- Gorgeous!
- Yeah. whoa...
Yeah. but how am I
supposed to do the "YMCA"?
[soft laughter]
Maybe I should find
a different dress.
- Oh. I thought
you loved this dress.
- I did.
- Did?
- Do!
I do love this dress.
Sorry. Vic.
You know how I can be.
- Well. you know.
it is your wedding.
I want you to be happy.
- I am happy.
I just hope
I made the right choice.
- Well. you know.
just a little alteration.
and you'll be throwing
your hands in the air
like you just don't care.
- Whoo!
- Plus. this dress is perfect
for the venue.
- It is really pretty.
Oh. wow. look at that dress!
It's so elegant and simple.
- Trace?
- No. I promise
I'm not changing my mind.
- Cake is booked.
Cooking class
wedding activity confirmed.
We. my friends.
are on schedule.
- Vic. are you gonna be
on your phone the entire trip?
- Do you want Tracy's
wedding planned?
I just wanna congratulate Mia.
Do you remember I promoted my
assistant Mia to event planner?
- Yeah. so you could work less
and delegate more?
- Oh. I forgot about that.
but yes.
Anyway. she pitched her
first wedding.
and she got off
to a rocky start.
but she's really
pulling it together.
She's got impeccable taste
but equal part self-doubt.
- Mm. sounds like you
when you first started.
"The sky is falling!"
- Remember. Vic?
Every little thing
that went wrong.
you'd be calling us like.
"The sky is falling!"
- I did not do that.
- You did!
- Okay. maybe a little.
- Yeah.
- Oh. she's kicking.
- [gasps]
- Oh. I can't believe
you're gonna be a mama.
- I know--you know.
I can't believe it either.
Seems like baby life crept
up on us real quick.
Oh. and this trip
is mine and Seth's
last hurrah as just a couple.
so bring on all the romance
and all the fun.
- Yeah.
- Yes!
[laughter]
- Hey!
- That'd be good.
- Hey. hey. hey!
- Hey!
- Excuse us.
- How are you?
- So how are you feeling?
- I'm great.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. I thought we could
relive our honeymoon in Paris.
- Okay. all right.
- Yeah. so dinner at a bistro.
- Yeah.
- Dancing in the Marais.
and then to the Eiffel Tower
all lit up?
- We're going on a walking
architecture tour of Versailles
if you wanna join.
- No.
- Okay.
- We would love to.
but we're meeting our aunts.
- Aunts.
Two of them.
- Let's go.
- Aunts?
Vic?
- Hmm?
- Walking tour?
- Oh. thank you. but Jacques
is taking me sightseeing. so...
- Salut.
- Hi.
- [laughs softly]
- You're late.
- No. I'm French.
- Oh. and that's an excuse?
- Well. the French
do everything fashionably.
especially being late.
but you're in a rush somewhere?
- No. but I do have a schedule.
- Maybe you shouldn't.
Instead. take a break.
Be a flaneur.
You know this. flaneur?
It's a French thing.
It means somebody who strolls
just to experience.
who wanders with no purpose.
- That sounds kind
of terrifying.
- Well. you used to love
to wander. remember?
When I came to visit. we spent
whole days just getting lost.
- Yeah. but you grow up.
You get more goal-oriented.
- Okay. well. for our next goal
on the Tour de France.
I'm gonna take you
to my favorite patisserie.
- Oh. well. if you'd led
with patisserie.
I would've overlooked lateness.
- [laughs]
Bonjour.
- Bonjour.
- [speaking French]
- Yes.
- This is the best croissant
I've ever had
in my entire life.
Being here. I'm remembering
my teenage dreams
for my summer in Paris:
sunny days in Montmartre.
reading poetry.
learning to paint.
leisurely picnics in the park.
- Yes. being a flaneur.
- Teenagers are good
at flaneur-ing.
- Well. some of us
never lose the skill.
- Mm. I wish I hadn't.
Life is just very busy now.
My business grew quickly.
which I'm so grateful for.
but it's fast-paced. you know?
Weddings are an industry.
- Oh. so here naive me thought
they were a celebration
of love and community.
- Oh. no. no.
purely just the money.
[both laugh]
Actually. that's why
I got into event planning.
I love the idea
of bringing community
together in celebration.
- Mm.
- And it turns out the romantic
in me nailed the wedding part.
so now I'm known
for these big lavish affairs.
- But you enjoy it. no?
- I do.
Uh...
But if I'm honest.
some of the excitement
has worn off.
- What happened?
- I don't know.
- Hmm.
Ah.
Now. this is my favorite part
in the whole of Montmartre.
Le mur des je t'aime.
- The wall of "I love you"?
- Mm-hmm.
Two artists created this wall
as a lasting monument to love.
They've written "I love you"
311 times in 250 languages.
- What are the red
splashes for?
- Well. they symbolize
the pieces of a broken heart.
- [laughs softly]
Why have a broken heart here?
- Maybe because to love fully.
you--you have to embrace
a broken heart.
- It's beautiful.
- Mm.
I think so.
- Ah. Victoria. good.
I was about to call you.
We have a problem.
We just discovered
that due to water damage.
sections of the ballroom
ceiling are crumbling.
- And this is just
a friendly heads-up
that it will have no effect
on Tracy and Mike's wedding?
- We are starting
repairs immediately.
but the ballroom won't be ready
for the wedding.
and the banquet room
is already booked.
- So we have no wedding venue?
- [sighs]
I'm so sorry.
I've called
the insurance ten times.
- It's okay.
We'll figure it out.
- Hey!
My parents just arrived!
- Hi. Victoria.
- Hi.
- What's wrong?
Is the sky falling?
- No. just the ceiling.
- Oh. this is not decaf.
so don't tell Seth.
[laughter]
- Whoo!
- Mmm. so good!
- Are you still thinking
about the daffodils?
- No.
I guess losing the venue
has made me wonder
if this wedding
is somehow wrong.
if I should've chosen
something different.
like a ceremony
at a courthouse.
or we could've eloped.
- No one's eloping.
- Well. we could've planned
many different weddings.
but I thought you wanted
the big destination wedding
in Paris.
- Yeah. I did.
I do!
I'm just spinning out.
This is incredible.
Paris is the most
romantic place in the world.
[cell phone beeps]
Speaking of romance. Nathalie.
how was your big night out
with Seth?
- Oh. well. we didn't go
because Seth was worried
about me overtiring myself.
so instead he gave me
a foot massage.
- That's romantic.
- Because he was worried
about my ankles swelling.
- Less romantic.
- Yep.
[chuckles]
- We've lost her again.
- Sorry.
Muting the phone.
Oh. but we should get going
'cause the cooking class
is across town.
- Cooking class?
- Victoria booked us
a cooking class
as a wedding week activity.
- Oh. Victoria!
- But shouldn't we be focused
on finding a venue?
- We'll find one.
Don't worry.
For now.
let's just relax and cook.
Two words I don't usually
find synonymous.
- And so. is Jacques
coming to the class?
- Maybe.
[quirky music]
Please. don't make
those faces around him.
- No promises.
[laughter]
- Today. we will learn to make
a very typical French dish.
ratatouille.
followed by a tarte aux pommes.
so let's get cooking.
- Oh. that sounds delicious.
[soft applause]
- Excuse me. chef.
While ratatouille and tarte aux
pommes do sound delicious.
but when I booked this class
I thought we'd be making
something a little fancier.
- Yes. but the point
isn't for it to be fancy.
The point is for it
to be enjoyed. right?
- Right. but--
- [laughing]
- Ugh!
- Right.
I see that now.
- Is everything okay?
- I've been having this gut
feeling lately.
I couldn't figure out
what it was.
but now I realized I planned
Tracy a Victoria Lewis wedding.
Complex. lavish. fancy.
But maybe not enjoyable.
at least not for her and Mike.
Now Tracy feels like
her wedding is wrong
because it is wrong for her.
[sighs]
Gosh.
She really relied on me.
and I messed this up.
- But it's okay.
You can fix it.
You have. how long?
- Six days.
Six days to replan
an entire wedding.
- Well. then.
you better get cooking.
- Okay. yeah.
Let's do this.
- Here.
- Okay.
- Comme ça.
And then around like that.
I...
We're missing eggs
for the tart.
- [exhales softly]
- Hi.
- How are you?
- Fine.
- Okay. um...
[clears throat]
Does it feel weird for you.
us not being here together?
- Bonjour. Cameron.
- Hey. yeah.
- Did you need something?
- Um. I was looking for. um.
an egg.
- Well...
- [clears throat]
Sorry.
- Victoria. I was thinking.
maybe tomorrow you could come
to the chateau and we could
brainstorm wedding venues.
- I would love that.
- We need to get cooking.
Come on.
- Bonjour.
- [exhales]
When you said chateau.
I didn't know
that was French for palace.
- It's just a country home.
- For who?
Louis XIV?
You are now legitimately
a fairy-tale prince.
- Yeah. but I didn't need
a chateau for that.
- [laughs]
So. this was
your grandparents'?
- Yeah. they bought it
almost 70 years ago.
It was out of their budget
and totally crumbling.
but my grandmother
fell in love with it.
- So you come from a long line
of romantics?
- Something like that.
My grandparents restored it.
and then my parents
added in the gardens.
which was their hobby.
and then they
passed it on to me.
- Wow.
Very lucky you.
[both laugh]
This staircase!
Those windows!
[gasps]
I can't believe you live here.
It must add so much glamour
to doing your laundry.
- [laughs]
Well. it's only ever
so glamorous folding socks.
But I do live here.
at least for now.
- For now?
- Yeah.
I'm considering selling it to
the Newton-Abbott Hotel Group.
- That huge hotel chain?
- You're not a fan of the idea?
- No. no.
I'm just surprised.
- Yeah.
I'm surprised too.
My family had their lives here.
and I always thought
I'd have the same.
But maybe I want
something different. you know?
I always feel most alive
when I'm wandering the world
and chasing adventures
and meeting new people.
and I can't do that
with the chateau.
It requires a lot of upkeep.
- Look at you complaining
about owning a castle.
- [laughs]
Well. I am French. you know?
- I guess I just don't really
understand the issue
with the chateau.
- I guess it gets lonely here.
- Well. you could adopt a dog.
- [laughs]
- Or a pack of dogs.
Or you could repurpose it.
Forget Newton-Abbott. you could
turn this into a hotel.
- Yeah. you know what.
I've thought about it.
but it's a big project.
It's too big for just me.
- Well. start small.
just a few rooms.
You could host events here.
You could hold weddings here.
- [laughs softly]
- You have to see it.
Jacques' chateau is stunning.
It's. like. straight out
of a wedding magazine.
- Wait. wait. wait.
Jacques has a chateau?
- But more than that. Tracy.
It's just so you.
It's unique.
- It just seems like a lot
to ask of Jacques.
He's really okay hosting?
- Oh. more than okay.
Yeah. he's excited.
- Excited?
- And I assume that by holding
the wedding there.
you know. you two could spend
a lot more time together.
- Ooh.
- Trace. so what do you say?
Do you wanna see the chateau?
- Field trip?
[laughter]
- Wow.
- All this?
- Would you look at this?
[laughter]
- Hey. if I get lost in there
I'll drop a pin.
- So. the whole crew is here?
- We roll deep.
[chuckles]
- Well. come in.
It's special for everyone.
- Can you believe this?
It has over 30 rooms.
- Who cleans it?
- I know!
- [laughs]
- So. what do you think?
- I think you
didn't oversell it.
- It's gorgeous.
- So. is that a yes?
- Yes. that's a yes.
- Yes.
It's a yes.
No indecision.
No waffling.
Maybe.
No. I'm just kidding.
[laughter]
- This is so generous
of Jacques.
- Where do you think
we should hold the ceremony?
- Oh. well. I thought we could
hold it over here in the...
what do you two wanna do?
- Um. maybe we hold the whole
thing in the garden?
Maybe we place the altar
against the garden backdrop.
- Perfect.
A simple.
stunning garden wedding.
Ceremony under the setting sun.
dancing under the stars.
- Sounds beautiful.
- But does it sound
like you two?
At the cooking class.
I realized
I was throwing you the wedding
that I'm used to throwing.
I love you two so much.
and I just wanted to make it
as big and lavish as possible.
but in doing that.
I lost sight of it being you.
Being right for you.
- It's hard for me to know
what's right for this wedding.
But. Vic. it's all been great.
We appreciate
everything you've done.
- Well. it's an honor.
and it will be exquisite.
And now. I just have to
figure out how to get it
all done in five days.
Totally doable. by the way.
- Is the sky falling?
- No.
The heavens are
just readjusting.
[laughter]
- I know we have a ton to do.
but my parents
are just getting in.
so we're gonna
head to the hotel.
- I have us booked on an
evening tour of the catacombs.
- Th-that's a lot of walking.
Are you sure you don't want
to just stay in. rest up?
- No. no.
Let's rally.
- And I was hoping we could
catch the sunset
at the Sacré-Coeur?
- Ooh. sounds good.
- Okay. well.
how about we break for today
and meet back here
bright and early tomorrow?
Is it okay if I stay
a little longer
just to iron out
the to-do list?
- Yeah. of course.
I'll cook us dinner.
- So what exactly
are we making?
- It's just a simple
salade niçoise.
- You have 20 ingredients
and three burners going.
and yet it's simple?
- I take it
you don't cook much?
- No. no.
[laughs]
I work late most nights.
and--cue your horror--
I usually grab something
from a drive-through.
- Fast food?
Oh là là.
- Don't judge.
You eat slow food.
- Hmm?
- Escargot.
- Victoria. that was terrible.
Here.
- Mmm.
You know.
but I don't cook much.
It feels like you spend an hour
cooking. 10 minutes eating
and then three hours
cleaning up.
and cooking for one.
- What about when you were
with Cameron?
- We weren't very good
in the kitchen together.
or at any project together.
We were both
fairly independent.
Success is really important
to Cameron.
- It seems like
it's important to you too.
- It is.
It was.
No. it still is.
But. you know. you get older
and you find yourself alone.
sitting in your car.
eating a dinner of fries
dipped in a milkshake
five nights a week.
and you start to question
the definition of success.
- You're lonely?
- No. I'm happy by myself.
I pride myself in being
a strong. independent woman.
I can open jars
and assemble furniture alone.
but it does make me sad
to cook for one.
- Hmm.
What about you?
Do you cook like this
when you're on your own?
- Yeah. of course.
I mean. I enjoy it.
But I like to think
I'm worth the effort.
- [laughs]
- But. of course.
I prefer cooking
for other people. you know?
Inviting friends
and family over
and having the house feel full.
that's when I'm the happiest.
- Well. that pack of dogs
would fill it.
- Yeah. but imagine
what they'd do to the lawn.
- [laughs]
Well. that was incredible.
- Better than the croissant?
- Well. bake me some fresh
chocolate croissants right now
and I'll tell you.
- Well. no croissants
this evening.
but I think I have
something even sweeter.
- Oh.
- A little something.
[gasps. laughs]
- [laughs]
- My old letters?
You saved them?
- Of course I saved them.
- [laughs]
[sighs]
I poured my heart out to you.
I told you things
I never told anyone else.
- Me too.
- These letters are just a
place I could truly be myself.
- You know. you broke my heart.
- Well. you broke mine too.
but we were just kids.
- What does that mean?
- That means that we were 17.
and I was there
and you were here.
and I just didn't see
how we could ever be together.
You know. I started to wonder
if we were just puppy love.
or a fairy tale.
- But when did you stop
believing in fairy tales?
- I'm not sure.
Maybe when I felt like it
was time to grow up.
which was around
the same time I wondered
if our love was actually real.
- Isn't all love real?
- Well. maybe that's
the problem.
that it gets too real.
- Mm.
[exhales deeply]
- [laughs softly]
Well. I should get back
to the hotel.
- Oui.
Oui. absolument.
- Okay.
- Um...
I'll take you back.
- Hi.
- I sent you an email
about the walking tour.
- Yep.
Got the email.
- Okay.
- Was there something else?
- Yes--no--yes.
Um...
I was wondering
if I had made a mistake.
- I'm sure you've made
a lot of mistakes.
- No. I mean.
a mistake in us breaking up.
Because I'm realizing
I still have feelings for you.
- Vic. you okay?
- Mm.
I'm okay. yeah.
More cake. please.
- Okay.
Is this about Cameron?
- I mean. I spent six months
hoping that Cam and I
would get back together.
and just as I'm finally
starting to get over him
he tells me
that he still has feelings.
- So what are you gonna do?
- I don't know.
I can't just go
running back to Cam.
- As you shouldn't.
- But also.
it's very complicated.
- You have a history with him.
- I thought I was gonna
have a future with him.
a home. a marriage. a family.
And I don't know.
when he broke up with me
it just felt like
I lost the life
I thought I was gonna have.
And what about Jen?
They seem great together.
- What about Jacques?
- Okay.
this isn't about Jacques.
Well. maybe it is. because
spending time with Jacques
reminds me of all the things
I hoped for before Cam.
- Which was?
- I don't know.
All my dreams
manifest into a life
of eternal happiness
guaranteed.
- [laughs]
So. all the reasonable asks.
- Yeah.
- Speaking of eternal
happiness guaranteed.
what says that more:
lemon chiffon
or salted caramel?
- Oh.
Um...
- Or.
instead of just one flavor.
we could do something
a little more fun?
- I'm listening.
- [laughs]
[laughter]
- What are we gonna do
if it rains?
- Ugh. the one thing out
of every wedding planner's
control: the weather.
The sky isn't falling.
Not yet. anyway.
- Honey. why don't you show me
the rest of the chateau.
- Okay.
- Oh. Seth and I are going
on a food tour.
I'm gonna eat everything.
- Yeah.
- All of it.
[laughter]
- Ah. Victoria.
This is Alex from
the Newton-Abbot Hotel Group.
- Nice to meet you.
- Yeah. you too.
- Alex was just
pressing me for news.
but. alas. I'm undecided.
- Okay. we do need to know
by the end of the week. though.
I should get going.
Enjoy.
- Salut.
He keeps bringing me
gift baskets.
like that's somehow
gonna help me determine
the course of my life.
I mean. the wine
is a nice touch. but...
- I'm beginning to think
the chateau sale
is about more
than just travel and upkeep.
- It is.
You know. I thought I'd always
thought I'd spend my 20s
traveling the world and finding
myself along the way.
- [chortles]
'Cause it's that easy.
- Exactly.
And then. I'd come back here.
I'd get married.
I'd start a family.
And instead. I'm alone.
and the chateau is a reminder
of what I don't have.
You know. I always had
big dreams for this place.
Turning it into something else.
but I always felt I'd do that
with a partner.
- I get that.
Sometimes we have to let
go of the life
we thought we'd have
with someone else
so we can try to build a life
of our own.
Or at least try.
- Are you letting go of that
with Cameron?
- Um...
[clears throat]
Well. he...
yesterday. he told me
he still has feelings for me.
- And do you still
have feelings for him?
- I don't know.
[indistinct chatter]
- Oh.
Hey!
- Hey.
- How was your food tour?
- [sighs]
Seth was worried about me
being near soft cheeses
and charcuterie.
so instead we did
a city bus tour.
A lot of selfie-snapping
tourists.
- Honey. what's going on?
- You know. Seth and I
were always active.
adventurous.
spontaneous people.
Ever since I got pregnant.
all he wants to do
is research diapers
and practice hypnobirthing.
I feel like he's losing sight
of us and who we are.
- Hi. guys.
- Well. talk to him.
- Okay.
Well. I'll see you guys later.
Oh. God.
[grunts]
- Tell me about your day.
- Well. my employee. Mia.
is planning her first wedding.
and she's just so excited.
- Why do you look sad
about that?
- I guess I miss being excited.
You know. I realized that for
years I've been on autopilot.
and Tracy's wedding
falling apart
is the first time that I'm not.
- So does that mean you want
to do things differently.
or you want to do
different things?
- I don't know.
I have this dream
of taking a break.
and I know that's
the same dream everyone has.
to take a breather
from everyday life to just--
- Wander?
- Wander.
Yes.
Travel.
Try new things.
Find myself. as you would say.
- So do it.
- I built a business. a brand.
To give that up to chase
some unknown dream.
I'd be setting myself
up for failure.
- No--I mean. only if you
perceive it as a failure.
I mean. take
the Arc de Triomphe.
Everybody thinks that
it's a monument to triumph.
but no one realizes
the real triumph
was in its construction.
It took 30 years to build.
The real triumph is not
in the final product.
it's in the journey.
What I'm trying to say
is it's not about success.
It's--it's about what we learn.
- I like that.
Even if the analogy
is kind of random.
- It's not so random.
- How are these giant
architectural marvels
constantly right in front
of my face.
and I never see them?
- It's 'cause you are too busy
looking at me.
[both laugh softly]
- Hi.
- Um. where are you off to?
- I was just gonna check in
on the caterer.
- Can I join?
It's probably my duty
as the best man. right?
- Okay.
Sure.
- Three days to plan.
prepare. and cook
a sit-down multi-course meal
for all those people?
It's just not possible.
- I know it's not possible.
but what is possible
is something casual.
something fun.
Croque monsieurs. poutine.
salade niçoise.
maybe even a crepe bar.
Like someone very wise
and very much needed to cater
this wedding once told me.
"The point isn't to be fancy."
- [sighs]
All right.
- Yes!
- Excellent.
You were great in there.
It was like having
the old Victoria back.
passionate. fiery. persistent.
sometimes annoyingly so.
- [laughs]
Yes.
- So. I talked to Jen.
told her I think
I still have feelings for you.
- Oh. wow.
How did she take that?
- Well. she was upset.
but she understood.
She knows you and I
have history together.
plus it's complicated.
We were friends and coworkers
for a long time.
Sometimes it's hard to know
if our dynamic is
just a friendship or more.
- I think Jen's great.
and I think
she could be great for you.
- But you were also good.
- You know. I should get back
to the hotel.
So I'll see you
at the architecture tour.
- [sighs deeply]
- Hi. I'm here to pick up
the dress for Tracy Cook.
- Mm-hmm.
- Actually.
there's something else.
Guess who found a caterer?
- Oh. whew!
I was starting to resign myself
to ordering pizza
for the reception. or Chinese.
- She can't decide.
- Of course.
- But now we have
a new problem.
- Oh. great. I hate to relax.
Lay it on me.
- Our pastor suddenly can't
make it to the wedding.
- Okay. so we need to find
someone to officiate
the ceremony.
- Yeah. and we have
someone in mind.
- [gasps]
Great--who?
- You.
- Me?
- You know us
and love us so much.
and you're heartfelt
and hilarious.
and the best friend.
So. will you marry us?
- It would be an honor.
[laughter]
- This was one wedding decision
that was easy to make.
- Well. I'm glad there was one.
- Ah. other than the decision
to marry me. of course.
- Of course. other than that.
- Well. lucky for all of us.
I'm already ordained.
Wedding planner equivalent of
packing three pairs of heels.
So. three days to pen
a touching homage to your love
that you'll remember forever?
On it.
- To the right you can see
the Louis Le Vau influence
with the mansard roof
and prominent cupola.
- What is a mansard cupola?
[both laugh]
- I think she's making it up.
- And now. we can take a break
for a petit goûter.
- Oh. well.
now she's speaking my language.
- Yeah?
- Always.
- Come on.
- [laughs]
I used to think
architecture tours
were the seventh
circle of boring.
but eating a fresh beignet
on a sunny day in Paris.
I am sold.
- Well. don't tell anyone.
but next time
you can just skip the tour
and go straight
to the beignets.
[both laugh]
You have--you have a little--
- What?
Hmm?
- Sugar. here.
- Oh.
- Did I really.
or were you just looking
for an excuse to get closer?
- [laughs]
I don't need an excuse.
- How about we sneak off
and you can show me
another site
on our Tour de France?
- That's a good idea.
- Okay.
You know what's strange?
I'm here.
and yet I already miss it.
- That because you've
become a Parisian.
- I've been here for six days.
I'm hardly a Parisian.
- Being a Parisian
isn't about living in Paris.
it's about
coming alive in Paris.
- Well. then I guess
I'm an honorary Parisian.
- Exactly.
- Tu me manques. Paris.
That means
"I'll miss you Paris." right?
- Um. sort of.
"Tu me manques" in French
doesn't mean "I miss you."
"Tu me manques" means
"you are missing from me."
So this used to be
the Pont des Arts.
- Oh. the bridge
covered in locks?
- Exactement.
Couples in love would come here
and write their name on a lock.
put it on the bridge. and then
throw the key into the Seine.
- So where are all the locks?
- Yeah. well. the weight made
the bridge collapse.
so they had to be cut off.
- Oh. that's sad.
- I don't think so.
I know it was supposed
to be romantic.
but for me it was
the opposite. you know?
Because love is not a lock.
The heart is not something
that should be unlocked.
You don't need to give someone
a key if it's already opened.
- You wrote something like that
in a letter.
one of your last letters to me.
- I remember.
I was trying to explain
why I didn't fight for us.
because I believe
if you love something
and it don't love you.
you set it free.
And if it comes back to you.
then you know
it was meant to be.
- Yes. but you also might have
to fight for it.
because you say "set free."
but I hear "give up."
And it's not just
giving up what is.
it's giving up the possibility
of what could be.
- Mm-hmm.
So you're glad that
you came to Paris?
It was a good idea.
- "Paris is always
a good idea."
- "I have learned how to live.
"How to be in the world
and of the world.
"and not just stand and watch.
"I will never. ever again
run away from life
or from love either."
It's Audrey Hepburn
in "Sabrina."
- Yeah.
- [laughs softly]
[sighs]
- Two days to go.
Excited?
- I've never been more ready.
Everything okay?
- Yeah. I'm trying to decide
which candles to go for.
- I like the pink one.
- Yeah. but the white's
more elegant. don't you think?
- White's nice.
Which one do you like better?
- I don't know.
[both laugh]
- Imagine when we have
to decide on paint colors
for our new home.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. honey.
You shouldn't be lifting that.
Come on.
- Seth. come on. I'm fine.
We just talked about this.
- Yeah. I know. and I told you.
I'm just trying
to look out for you.
- Just--I don't need to be
looked out for!
- What did I do?
- Nat?
What's wrong?
- I tried to talk to Seth.
and nothing has changed.
If anything. he's got worse.
- Oh. honey.
- Now I'm sitting here
remembering
how perfect our wedding was.
how exciting and romantic.
I don't know.
Just everything is changing.
Everything is different.
Oh. no.
I think I'm scaring Tracy.
- No. you're not scaring me.
because I'm already scared.
- You are?
Of what?
- I don't know.
Nathalie saying everything
changing. getting married.
a new life. baby names.
paint colors.
Brr.
What if this
is the wrong choice?
What if marriage isn't right
for every couple?
- But you love Mike so much.
- With every iota of my being.
And I've wanted to marry him
since our third date.
And with all my indecision.
he's the only thing
I've ever been totally sure of.
Until now.
- Trace. it's okay if you
don't wanna get married.
The prewedding jitters
are normal.
Every couple I work with has
some version of cold feet.
- Really?
- Yeah. of course.
- Hi!
Sorry I'm late.
Um. I will come back.
- No. it's fine.
I should get back
to wedding prep.
- Hey!
Are you sure?
- Yeah.
- Um...
what can I help with?
- Uh. well. you can assist me
with the tables.
Looks great.
- Just trying to master
the lost art
of setting the table.
- [laughs]
- This is awkward.
- So awkward.
- It's just the most awkward.
It doesn't have to be.
Look.
I know Cameron still
has feelings for you.
I was the one that
encouraged him to tell you.
- You did?
- Honestly.
this was a concern of mine.
When we first started dating.
I wanted to take things
really slow
'cause I thought
he might not be over you.
and I guess I was right.
- Well. maybe he is over me.
and this is just growing pains.
Maybe you two
are meant to be together.
- Or maybe we're friends
and got confused.
I-I don't know.
But at least
he's being honest about it.
and that helps.
- You are so much
more mature than me.
[both laugh]
- Definitely not.
This is all for show.
But I know this situation
is complicated.
but Cameron is a friend.
and you're his friend.
so I'd really like to think
that the two of us
could be friends too.
- I'd like that.
- And whatever happens.
"We'll always have Paris."
- "Casablanca"?
- Yeah. I love old movies.
- I do too.
"I think this is the beginning
of a beautiful friendship."
[both laugh]
- You've been
avoiding my calls.
- I'm sorry.
It's...
it's a lot to consider.
- I understand.
but we need an answer.
Jacques. I understand
your family has history here.
but just think
of the possibilities
if you were to sell.
Maybe it's time to let go.
- Hmm.
Let go.
So. you're finally taking
a much needed break.
- I wish.
Instead. I'm trying to write
the wedding ceremony.
but I don't know what to say.
Any ideas?
- Well. maybe you could
write something about love?
- Good insight.
Thanks for the help.
[both laugh]
- Well. maybe you could
say something
about fighting for love.
Fighting for your dreams.
never giving up.
- You're not selling?
[both laugh]
That's amazing!
- You know. I just--
I saw the chateau come alive
with the wedding preparations.
and it made me realize
I have plans
for this place for myself.
and I'm gonna take
your suggestion.
- And adopt a pack of dogs?
[both laugh]
- Maybe one day. but for now.
I'm gonna repurpose
the chateau.
I wanna make it into
a beautiful inn or event space.
I know there are
a lot of event spaces.
but only a few
so close to Paris.
- I know!
This is prime location.
Ever since I set eyes
on the chateau.
all I could think was
"event space."
And I have a million ideas.
and not just for weddings
and parties.
but creating a space
that really brings
community together.
- I love that.
I wanna hear all your ideas.
Maybe we could be
unofficial partners.
- I'd like that.
[laughs softly]
- Excuse me. Jacques.
We lost power.
- Oh. it happens.
It's probably the fuse box.
I'll show you.
[sighs]
- You know. it's really
gracious of you
to host the wedding.
to do all this
for a total stranger.
- Well. Victoria is not
really a stranger.
- Yeah. of course not.
You two were pen pals. right?
- We were a little
more than that.
- Yeah. sure. of course.
Hey. I still even remember
my first kiss.
but you and Vic.
it's vacation romance.
Vic and I.
we have a life together.
- But you broke up with her.
- Yeah.
I made a mistake.
We need to talk.
Um...
I wanna give us another shot.
- I...
I don't know if I do.
- Vic. please.
don't give up on us.
[indistinct chatter]
- Hi.
So good to see you both.
Let me fix that.
- [laughs]
- Okay. good.
Mm...
Three...
Excuse me. can we get some
more ice for the champagne?
Thank you.
- Vic!
- [gasps]
- Hey.
- You look amazing.
- You guys look great.
- Oh. stop.
- We know.
- Have you. uh--
have you seen Jacques?
- I have not. not yet.
I mean. is he late?
- He's French.
He's always late.
[laughter]
- True.
Okay. I'm gonna grab
some appetizers.
- Oh. it's okay. sweetie.
I'll get them for you.
- Hey. no. no. no. wait.
Thank you.
That is chivalrous.
but I can get it myself.
I know shrimp cocktail.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Are you sure
you're allowed shrimp?
Because I'm pretty sure
the book said something about.
you know. the mercury--
- Okay. you know what--no. no.
Shh!
Sit.
- What?
- Yeah. right now.
- Are you okay?
- Well...
Okay.
Seth. I love you.
I love us. and you are my best
friend and the love of my life.
- I know.
- No. but ever since
I got pregnant.
I feel like
we're Mommy and Daddy.
- Well. yeah. we will
be Mommy and Daddy.
- Mm-hmm. yes. to our baby.
But to each other?
You know. we're still partners
and friends and us.
That is so special. babe.
I don't want it to change.
and I wanna protect it.
- Oh.
I'm sorry.
- No. you don't need
to be sorry.
Just be you.
And let us be us.
- God. I love you.
- Honey. you okay?
- Yeah!
I'm a little nervous
about tomorrow.
- You are?
- Aren't you?
- Nervous about marrying you?
Not in the slightest.
I've never been more certain
about anything in my life.
I thought we both
felt that way.
- We do.
- Tracy. do you have cold feet?
- [sighs softly]
No.
I just wonder if...
what if this is
the wrong choice?
- That sounds a lot
like cold feet.
[glass clinking]
- Welcome. and thank you
for being here.
Now. as you all know Tracy.
you know that she can be
a tad indecisive.
but the one thing
that she always knew
is that Mike is the one.
Congratulations.
Tracy and Mike.
[applause]
[indistinct chatter]
- Hey.
Um. about yesterday.
I'm really sorry.
I guess I just care
a lot about you.
and I was confused.
and I guess a little jealous.
- No. I think
it's good it happened.
We needed to know for sure. but
you were right the first time.
We don't have
a future together.
- At least not as a couple.
- Exactly.
And I think--I think that's
why it was so hard for me
to accept our breakup because.
you know.
you're such
a big part of my past.
and I don't wanna lose you
from my life.
- I don't either.
- Also. I think you and Jen
are really great together.
- Thanks. but I really
messed that up.
- Well. fix it.
[both laugh]
- Yeah. I'll work on it.
- I've been
calling and texting.
What's going on?
- [sighs]
Victoria.
I'm so glad that
we reconnected. really.
and I take full responsibility
for what happened here.
I do.
Because. you know. I knew that
you weren't over Cameron.
and I knew that
you didn't think
we were real the first time.
but I hope that this time
you feel differently.
- I do feel differently.
- Do you?
Or do you think
that you're just using me
to make Cameron jealous?
- Is--is that what
you really think?
- [sighs]
I think that--
I think that it feels
just like it did
the first time. you know?
Cameron appears.
and then I'm gone.
- You ended things with me.
and now--
now you're doing it again.
And why?
Because I'm not
some teenage pen pal
or a flaneur
or adventure to chase.
but a real person.
Okay.
Now I remember the real reason
we broke up the first time.
- I...
I'll see you at the wedding.
- Honey.
Honey. there you are.
The hairstylist has been--
what--
Oh. honey.
What's going on?
- I messed things up with Mike.
I got in my head.
and now he thinks
he's just another thing
I can't make my mind up about.
- But is he?
- No!
I love him.
And what you said
in your toast was true.
He's the only thing
I've ever been sure about.
I just let my indecision
sabotage me again.
- Oh. honey.
Yes. you are indecisive.
but that's not necessarily
a bad thing.
because your indecision
allows you to not need a plan
and not be afraid
of the unknown.
It opens doors to possibilities
that other people
only dream about.
- Like marrying my soul mate
in the most romantic city
in the world?
- Yes!
Exactly.
So now you go get your man.
- Yeah.
- Go get your man.
- Mike.
I need to talk to you.
- I got dressed in case you
wanted to go through with it.
- Of course I wanna
go through with it.
And I'm sorry I momentarily
lost my mind.
With so much changing.
I didn't see the one thing
that will always stay the same:
my love for you.
And I know I'm indecisive.
but there's one choice
that's easy to make.
that I'm so grateful
I get to choose
over and over every day.
the choice to love you.
- Well. I mean. look at me.
I don't give you
much of a choice.
Trace. I don't know
anything either.
but I know
I wanna not know with you.
- That was hard to follow.
but I love the gist.
[both laugh]
- Hey!
Save it for the wedding.
- Okay. and we are done.
- [laughs]
- Oh. you look beautiful.
[both laugh]
Now. it's time for the dress.
- Oh.
- So. we still have
this beautiful number.
but also a little gift from me.
- What?
Oh. it's the one
I fell in love with!
Thank you.
You're gonna make me choose
on my wedding day?
- I would never.
I was thinking
more of a costume change.
You can wear the original
for the ceremony.
and this one for the reception.
And do the "YMCA"
all night long.
- Yes!
- Oh. yeah. you are definitely
gonna be able to do some
good dance moves in this one.
- So this is why I brought
three pairs of heels.
- Yeah.
- You okay?
Yeah. I'm great.
Guys. I'm fine.
[laughs]
Also kind of
completely crushed.
I fell for Jacques.
and as much as I didn't
want to admit it.
it felt real.
- Then why not try
and fight for him?
- Well. Jacques doesn't think
that love works that way.
and maybe it doesn't.
Maybe I should just be grateful
because spending time with him
reminded me of what
I always hoped love would be.
what I hoped life would be.
who I hoped I would be.
And despite being hurt.
I actually--
I feel like myself again.
I feel unlocked.
Uh. I-I gotta go.
- [laughs]
- I knew it.
- I know.
- I told you. I told you.
- I--you did.
- Hey.
Mom.
Sorry. I know it's super early
there. but I need your help.
There's a box of letters
probably in my old room
in the closet with the artwork.
I need a photo
of one of the letters.
Oh. it's not time yet.
Let's stay up here.
- Thank you for coming.
- Well. I wasn't gonna miss
the cheese tower.
- [chuckles]
Yeah.
Look. Jen. I am so sorry.
I got confused and made
a big mess of things.
- [laughs incredulously]
- But the one thing I know
for sure is how important
you are to me.
and I don't wanna
lose your friendship.
- You haven't.
I'm still your friend.
So let's start there.
See what happens.
- Wow.
- [laughs. exhales]
I want to be honest.
I really didn't know
what to say up here.
so I asked a friend for help.
and he said. "Talk about love."
And I know that sounds obvious.
but then I wondered.
"Well. what is love?"
And then I remembered
a letter someone wrote me
a very long time ago
that answers that question.
and I'm paraphrasing because
he was 18 when he wrote it.
and English is
his second language.
[faint laughter]
[tender music]
♪ ♪
What is love?
We're often told it's
an interlocking of two souls.
but no. love is not a locking.
but rather an embracing.
an embracing of dreams
and hopes and fears and hurts.
an embracing of both what is
and what could be.
what love could be.
what life could be.
what we could be.
We sometimes ask
what is the key to love?
Well. the bad news
is there is no key.
The good news is.
it isn't locked.
And that's what I see
when I look at the two of you.
A love of open hearts
and open minds and open eyes.
a love that inspires you
to believe in fantastic things.
a love worth growing for.
worth working for.
worth fighting for.
And with that...
Mike. do you take Tracy
to be your wife?
- You know I do.
- [laughs]
- And. Tracy. do you take Mike
to be your husband?
- I do.
- Well. I now pronounce
you husband and wi--
[cheers and applause]
[indistinct chatter]
- I swear.
next time I will
come on the walking
architecture tour.
- You will?
- Okay. I promise.
- ♪ I sent you a letter ♪
♪ A telegram too ♪
♪ Answer your phone. baby ♪
♪ I need to talk to you ♪
♪ We can't go on ♪
♪ With me just loving you ♪
♪ Open your mirrors. baby ♪
♪ That's my last letter
to you ♪
♪ I need no picture ♪
♪ To remind me of you ♪
- That was
a beautiful ceremony.
I'm sorry.
I was wrong.
I thought that if you love
something. you set it free.
And now I see you
can set it free
and hold it close
at the same time.
and I want to do that.
I don't want to give up.
I want to fight.
- Hopefully for me.
and not with me.
- But I'm here.
and you're there.
How does this work?
- I'm not sure.
But I know the way
I feel about you is real.
It was always real.
And I don't know
what I'm doing.
or what we're doing.
or what we are.
or what our final destination
will be.
but I wanna wander with you.
[laughs softly]
And if my impassioned
speech didn't convince you.
then think of all the money
we'd save on stamps.
- ♪ Oh. and when all these
wonderful moments ♪
♪ That I have spent here
with you ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I swallowed up my pride ♪
♪ And I beg. I beg ♪
♪ I beg of you. oh. baby ♪
- Tu me manques.
- Not anymore.
- ♪ These changes
you're putting me through ♪
[romantic retro music]
♪ ♪